NFT Management Example (#4)
Constellation-Labs/metagraph-examples: examples/DataApi-NFT/README.md

# Metagraph - Data API for NFT Management
  

> This example demonstrates a fundamental use case of NFTs (Non-Fungible Tokens) using the Data API provided by the Metagraph platform. The example showcases various operations that a client can perform:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example demonstrates an example use case of NFTs (Non-Fungible Tokens) based on the ERC-721 standard. Note that this shows a custom implementation of NFTs within a single metagraph using the Data API. It is not meant to describe a cross-metagraph standard for Constellation Network NFTs. 

The example showcases various operations that a client can perform:
```

- `serializeState`: Serializes the State object to a byte array for storage in the snapshot.

- `serializeUpdate`: Serializes the Update object to a byte array. Updates are serialized before input signature validation.

- `deserializeState` and `deserializeUpdate`: Opposite of `serializeState` and `serializeUpdate`, used for deserialization.

  

### l0

  

The L0 module contains the `genesis` function, initializing the state with an empty `polls` map. The Data class (shared_data) implements the remaining methods.

  

### l1

  

The currency L1 layer, with a default implementation in this example.

  

### data_l1

  

This module processes incoming data requests. It includes the `/data` POST endpoint for data requests. The remaining methods are implemented in the Data class (shared_data).

  

## Scripts

  

The example includes a script named `send_data_transaction.js` for generating, signing, and sending data updates to the Metagraph. To use the script:

  

1. Install Node.js if not already done: `npm install`.

2. Replace `globalL0Url`, `metagraphL1DataUrl`, and `privateKey` with your values.

3. Execute the script: `node send_data_transaction.js`.

> 4. Query the state GET endpoint at `<your L1 base url>/data-application/addresses` to observe the updated state after each update.

Reviewer: I think this part probably needs to be updated to match the script.
